List of 30 simple questions for the "oral exam". Afer completing the course answers to those questions should be obvious.

The answers can be very short. For example:
Example 1: In what problems and why Convolutional Neural Network is better that Neural Network without Convolution
Answer  1: For example in image classification problem, because CNN allows to extract most relevant features from an image. DONE!

Example 1: how does sigmoid function converts values into probabilities
Answer  1: this is clear from the Logistic Equation...


Questions:

  Various
01. give three examples of regression problem and three examples of classification problem?
02. how Exploratory Data Analysis can help in the Machine Learning problem (what is the purpose of it), give examples of most important steps
03. why is it imporant to scale (normalize) the data?
04. what does hypothesis mean?
05. does MSE loss function has a minimum?
06. how does Gradient Descent work?

  ANN/CNN
07. how does Neural Network work (one sentence explanation, similarity to polynomial fitting)?
08. what does it mean Convolutional Neural Network?
09. In what kid of problems and why Convolutional Neural Network is better that Neural Network without Convolution?
10. Is kernel in CNN changing its values during the learning and why (epochs)?
11. what is the sequence of the layers in the Convolutional Neural Network?
12. what is the purpose of flatten layer in NN?
13. what is the purpose of Early Stopping Callback?
14. what is the purpose of using data augmentation?
15. why is it good to save model or model architecture during training?
  
  Activation function:
16. what is the role of activation function?
17. what is the difference between linear activaction function and sigmoid activation function?
18. if you have a neural network that converts celsius degrees into a fahrenheit degrees what will happen if in the last layer the activation is `relu`?
19. how does sigmoid function converts values into probabilities?
20. what is the default activation function in tensorflow?
21. which is the most common activation function in the hidden dense layer?

  Overfitting / Underfitting (class 11 /12)
22. what does it mean overfitting, how to detect and solve the problem?
23. what does it mean underfitting, how to detect and solve the problem?
24. what can be the reason of the oscillations of the loss function during training of NN (alpha?)
25. what is the difference between Regularization Ridge and Lasso (when use one or another)?
26. what is the purpose of dropout layer?

  Autoencoders:
27. what is the structure autoencoders?
28. give three examples of application of Autoencoders?

  Recurrent Neural Network (class 24/25)
29. give three examples of application of Recurrent Neural Networks?
30. how is the X_train and y_train data divided in RNN?
